hi there so today I am sharing with you
my review for the pixie Beauty glow
tonic it looks like this this was $29
for eight and a half ounces of product
and I did order it through the pixie
Beauty size now this has only been
available to us residents for a short
time now it's been quite popular in the
UK for a while so once it was available
to us here I was really excited to give
it a try knowing how many people rave
about it over in the UK so the product
claims to be an exfoliating facial tonic
which tones smooths and refines skin
texture this jelly exfoliates to remove
dead skin cells revealing healthy
glowing skin now this is alcohol-free
and oil-free I did want to mention that
first up
it also has aloe vera witch hazel and
horse chestnut extract as its main
ingredients it also has 5% glycolic acid
now one of the other things I do want to
mention up front here is it is very
heavily fragranced if you were someone
who is sensitive to fragrance this
product is not for you the fragrance
does linger I have used it on my skin
twice a day every day since I purchased
it a little over two weeks ago and once
I apply my moisturizer or sunscreen this
scent does diminish but if you are not
applying anything else on top of it this
scent will remain with you for quite a
while I did notice it quite a bit on
when times where I did not put anything
on afterwards so I just wanted to
mention that right away if you cannot
tolerate fragrance this will not do for
you and I want to try to give you a
description of the fragrance and it's
very difficult for me to do that it just
doesn't smell like anything I smell
before but I will say that it appears to
me to be a very heavy floral fragrance
and maybe a heavy rose fragrance so I
hope that that helps probably definitely
like a floral type scent to it now they
describe this as a tonic this is what I
would call it toner and I have used
several toners over the years nothing's
really really weld me and more recently
how I like to use a toner is at night
apply a little bit to a cotton pad and I
just like to use it around my hairline
on my ears my jawline places like that
that always seem to have leftover traces
of makeup I like to go in and clean that
up a little bit because I will get
breakouts around that area with the
Pizza glow tonic I've actually been
using this over my entire face because
this is supposed to have an exploiting
effect and really bring out a glowing
texture to your skin now I will say that
while I really enjoy this toner it makes
my skin feel very comfortable afterwards
it's not drying at all I really enjoy
because it is also Alfre I have not
noticed it bringing out an exceptionally
glowy a tip not texture but I haven't
noticed any additional glow enos to my
skin now that being said i have been
using retin-a since last summer
and I feel like the retin-a is already
such an exfoliant on my skin that I'm
not sure how much more a product like
this could do for me now if you're not
already using an exploiting product
white bread knife I think something like
this would be excellent for you
I'm like I said it is alcohol-free so my
skin is still very comfortable
afterwards and I do believe it has
refined the texture a little bit I'm
noticing after maybe a week or so of use
what I would put on my makeup it just
seemed like my skin looked a little bit
smoother I've already been and happy
with the I've been happy with the
improved texture of my skin from the
retin-a but this actually seemed to
improve it a little bit more so while
I'm not seeing any additional glowing
effects in the skin I do think it has
refined it as far as the texture a
little bit more um so the pros to this
cut to this product would be that it's
not dry that it is oil free that it
improves my skin's texture I think if
you're not using a retina type product
it would improve the appearance as far
as the glowing us of your skin because
for me are several one would be that you
can't get to it readily it's only
available through the pixie Beauty site
the other would be the fragrance because
it is heavily fragrant and the price at
$29 it is a little bit more expensive
on the toner side of things but I think
that the benefits of it for me probably
make it worthwhile and I think um it
probably would last a long time
I've been using this like I said for a
little over two weeks and I've used just
this little bit of product so I think
this would last me at least six months
so a products life span for me is a
little bit more of a deciding factor
when I'm deciding whether or not I'll
spend more or less on it if it's the
product I think it's going to last me a
long time I'm willing to spend a little
bit more than something I would go
through really really quickly like maybe
saying eye makeup remover mascara or
something like that so give it the
benefits of this and the longevity of it
I think it is something I would invest
in but if you're someone that's
sensitive to fragrance you're definitely
going to want to stay away from this um
one other thing I should mention is I do
have somewhat acne prone skin the retina
has helped with that quite a bit but I
have noticed a marked difference in the
amount of even just small breakouts that
I'm having since I've been using this
and that really didn't occur to me right
away until I gone several days without
having a breakout on my skin and I kind
of just always have one or two things
going on as far as blemishes go and I've
noticed I've gone for several days
without having anything which is really
really unusual for me so that would
definitely be on the pros for me um so
yeah there are definitely some pros and
cons but for me the pros definitely
outweigh the cons on this product and it
is something I've really been enjoying
so hopefully that was a little bit
helpful to you I know this product has
been somewhat mysterious for us here in
the u.s. because it hasn't been
available like I mentioned it's only
available to the pixi Beauty site as of
right now I'm kind of hoping the Target
stores will have it eventually so maybe
that will eliminate one of my cons about
it not being easily accessible so I
thank you so much for watching and I
hope to see you very soon bye bye